When Thomas and I first learned
I was pregnant,
we were both really shocked.
But then we grew more and more excited.
And we were so thrilled when we saw
our little girl for the first time.
We really didn’t care
if it was a boy or a girl;
we just wanted the baby to be healthy.
Unfortunately, our hopes
were completely destroyed
when the doctor told us
that the baby would likely be born
with severe problems and could even die.
My husband and his parents
are not Jehovah’s Witnesses,
but they do feel abortion is wrong.
Still, they thought that we should listen
to our doctor’s advice.
I couldn’t believe this was happening.
I even questioned why Jehovah would allow it.
I really felt it was more than I could bear.
Thomas asked me what I wanted to do,
and I told him
that I could never have an abortion.
He agreed that normally it would be wrong
but felt that in our situation
God would understand.
I was so overwhelmed.
I was being pressured
to make a decision I knew was wrong
but that everyone
was telling me was best for my child.
I had never felt so alone.
I needed Jehovah more than ever,
so I poured out my heart to him in prayer.
And then I did research.
I showed Thomas the scripture I had found.
“If men should struggle with each other
“and they hurt a pregnant woman
“. . . if a fatality does occur,
then you must give life for life.”
Jehovah views even the unintentional killing
of an unborn child as a serious sin.
So how could we intentionally take
the life of our child?
I made my decision clear to our doctor
and to my in-laws.
There was a chance
the diagnosis was incorrect,
and I’d love to say that’s what occurred;
but it did not.
My daughter Chloe only lived
a few weeks after she was born,
and losing her was the hardest thing
I’ve ever had to endure.
But Jehovah gave me the courage
to explain my beliefs to my husband,
my in-laws, and the medical staff,
and they all expressed admiration
for my strong faith.
And I’ve never regretted the decision I made.
Even though Chloe only lived those few weeks,
I’m so grateful for the time I had with her.
I know Jehovah remembers
every detail about her,
and he’ll give her back to me
in the resurrection in perfect health,
because all life
is truly precious in his eyes.